{\rtf0\pc{\fonttbl\f1\froman Times;}

#{\footnote ACCENT}
K{\footnote Accent}
${\footnote Accent}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Accent\par}
{\f1\fs20 Emphasized note or {\b\uldb chord}{\v Chord}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote ACCIDENTAL}
K{\footnote Accidental}
${\footnote Accidental}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Accidental\par}
{\f1\fs20 Symbol used to raise or lower {\b\uldb pitch}{\v Pitch} of a note.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote ACTION}
K{\footnote Action}
${\footnote Action}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Action\par}
{\f1\fs20 Height of strings above the {\b\uldb fretboard}{\v Fretboard}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote AMPLIFIER}
K{\footnote Amplifier}
${\footnote Amplifier}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Amplifier\par}
{\f1\fs20 Electronic device which boosts the signal from a pickup or microphone.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Archtop}
K{\footnote Archtop}
${\footnote Archtop}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Archtop\par}
{\f1\fs20 Guitar with curved top and back made from laminated wood.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote ARPEGGIO}
K{\footnote Arpeggio}
${\footnote Arpeggio}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Arpeggio\par}
{\f1\fs20 A group of notes played in succession.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Augmented}
K{\footnote Augmented}
${\footnote Augmented}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Augmented\par}
{\f1\fs20 A major {\b\uldb triad}{\v Triad} with a sharpened fifth.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote AvantGarde}
K{\footnote Avant Garde}
${\footnote Avant Garde}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Avant Garde\par}
{\f1\fs20 Modern music often featuring unusual techniques, modified instruments and {\b\uldb improvisation}{\v Improvisation} with atonality.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Bar}
K{\footnote Bar}
${\footnote Bar}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Bar\par}
{\f1\fs20 Section of music grouping note values over a certain time. Also {\b Measure}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Barre}
K{\footnote Barre}
${\footnote Barre}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Barre\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b\uldb chords}{\v Chord} formed by pressing first finger across strings acting as a moveable {\b\uldb capo}{\v Capo}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote BassNote}
K{\footnote Bass Note}
${\footnote Bass Note}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Bass Note\par}
{\f1\fs20 Lowest pitched note in a {\b\uldb chord}{\v Chord}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Belly}
K{\footnote Belly}
${\footnote Belly}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Belly\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b\uldb Soundboard}{\v Soundboard} on an {\b\uldb archtop}{\v Archtop}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Binding}
K{\footnote Binding}
${\footnote Binding}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Binding\par}
{\f1\fs20 Continuous strip of wood lining the edge of the body of the guitar.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Blues}
K{\footnote Blues}
${\footnote Blues}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Blues\par}
{\f1\fs20 Expressive form of folk music originating in the southern states of America.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Bottleneck}
K{\footnote Bottleneck}
${\footnote BottleNeck}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn BottleNeck\par}
{\f1\fs20 Technique where a metal bar or tube is slid along the strings of a guitar to play notes or {\b\uldb chords}{\v Chord}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Bout}
K{\footnote Bout}
${\footnote Bout}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Bout\par}
{\f1\fs20 The upper and lower sections of a guitar.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Bracing}
K{\footnote Bracing}
${\footnote Bracing}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Bracing\par}
{\f1\fs20 Strips of wood used for support under the {\b\uldb soundboard}{\v Soundboard} of a guitar.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Bridge}
K{\footnote Bridge}
${\footnote Bridge}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Bridge\par}
{\f1\fs20 Section of guitar where the strings are fixed on to.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Camber}
K{\footnote Camber}
${\footnote Camber}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Camber\par}
{\f1\fs20 The curvature of the {\b\uldb fretboard}{\v Fretboard}. Also {\b Radius}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Capo}
K{\footnote Capo}
${\footnote Capo}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Capo\par}
{\f1\fs20 A device which is clamped across the strings of a guitar, which allows open strings to be played at a higher {\b\uldb fret}{\v Fret} position.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Chord}
K{\footnote Chord}
${\footnote Chord}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Chord\par}
{\f1\fs20 Two or more notes played together.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Chromatic}
K{\footnote Chromatic}
${\footnote Chromatic}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Chromatic\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b\uldb Scale}{\v Scale} comprising all twelve notes a {\b\uldb semitone}{\v Semitone} apart.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Clef}
K{\footnote Clef}
${\footnote Clef}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Clef\par}
{\f1\fs20 Symbol fixing the {\b\uldb stave}{\v Staves} at a given {\b\uldb pitch}{\v Pitch}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote CompoundInterval}
K{\footnote Compound Interval}
${\footnote Compound Interval}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Compound Interval\par}
{\f1\fs20 Interval larger than an {\b\uldb octave}{\v Octave}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Counterpoint}
K{\footnote Counterpoint}
${\footnote Counterpoint}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Counterpoint\par}
{\f1\fs20 Two or more {\b\uldb melody}{\v Melody} {\b\uldb lines}{\v Line} played at the same time.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Course}
K{\footnote Course}
${\footnote Course}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Course\par}
{\f1\fs20 A pair of strings placed together and played with normal fingering.\par}
{\f1\fs20 e.g. A twelve string guitar has 6 courses.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Cutaway}
K{\footnote Cutaway}
${\footnote Cutaway}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Cutaway\par}
{\f1\fs20 Section of guitar body cut away to give easier access to the upper part of the {\b\uldb fretboard}{\v Fretboard}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Diatonic}
K{\footnote Diatonic}
${\footnote Diatonic}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Diatonic\par}
{\f1\fs20 The seven-note major and minor system.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Distortion}
K{\footnote Distortion}
${\footnote Distortion}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Distortion\par}
{\f1\fs20 Distorting a note using an {\b\uldb effects}{\v Effect} pedal. Used widely in rock music.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Diminished}
K{\footnote Diminished}
${\footnote Diminished}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Diminished\par}
{\f1\fs20 A minor chord with a lowered 5th or chord comprising minor 3rd's.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Dobro}
K{\footnote Dobro}
${\footnote Dobro}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Dobro\par}
{\f1\fs20 A type of resonator guitar.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Dominant}
K{\footnote Dominant}
${\footnote Dominant}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Dominant\par}
{\f1\fs20 The note or chord on the fifth degree of a diatonic scale.{\b V}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Dreadnought}
K{\footnote Dreadnought}
${\footnote Dreadnought}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Dreadnought\par}
{\f1\fs20 A large acoustic steel-string guitar.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Effect}
K{\footnote Effect}
${\footnote Effect}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Effect\par}
{\f1\fs20 Result of the modification of sound through some sort of processing.\par}
{\f1\fs20 See: {Chorus}, {Compressor}, {Delay},  {Flanger}, {\b\uldb Distortion}{\v Distortion}. \par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Equalizer}
K{\footnote Equalizer}
${\footnote Equalizer}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Equalizer\par}
{\f1\fs20 A control which filters frequencies to modify a sound.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Feedback}
K{\footnote Feedback}
${\footnote Feedback}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Feedback\par}
{\f1\fs20 Sound produced by a pickup or microphone picking up its own signal from a speaker and then amplifying it.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote F-Hole}
K{\footnote F-Hole}
${\footnote F-Hole}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn F-Hole\par}
{\f1\fs20 Ornamental hole on {\b\uldb archtop}{\v Archtop} and thinline electric guitars, as well as the classical string instruments such as violin and cello.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Fingerboard}
K{\footnote Fingerboard}
${\footnote Fingerboard}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Fingerboard\par}
{\f1\fs20 See {\b\uldb Fretboard}{\v Fretboard}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Flamenco}
K{\footnote Flamenco}
${\footnote Flamanco}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Flamenco\par}
{\f1\fs20 Music and dancing originating in Andalusia in Spain.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Flat}
K{\footnote Flat}
${\footnote Flat}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Flat\par}
{\f1\fs20 Symbol used to lower a note by one {\b\uldb semitone}{\v Semitone} (b).\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote FlatTop}
K{\footnote Flat Top}
${\footnote Flat Top}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Flat Top\par}
{\f1\fs20 Steel-stringed guitar with a flat {\b\uldb soundboard}{\v Soundboard}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Frequency}
K{\footnote Frequency}
${\footnote Frequency}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Frequency\par}
{\f1\fs20 Pitch of a note, measured in cyles per seconds or hertz.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Fret}
K{\footnote Fret}
${\footnote Fret}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Fret\par}
{\f1\fs20 Metal strips placed across {\b\uldb fretboard}{\v Fretboard} to space notes.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Fretboard}
K{\footnote Fretboard}
${\footnote Fretbaord}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Fretboard\par}
{\f1\fs20 Wooden section with {\b\uldb frets}{\v Fret} mounted on.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote FrictionPeg}
K{\footnote Friction Peg}
${\footnote Friction Peg}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Friction Peg\par}
{\f1\fs20 Wooden peg to hold each string in a solid {\b\uldb headstock}{\v Headstock}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Golpeador}
K{\footnote Golpeador}
${\footnote Golpeador}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Golpeador\par}
{\f1\fs20 Type of {\b\uldb pickgaurd}{\v Pickgaurd} for tapping on flamenco guitars.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote GraceNote}
K{\footnote Grace Note}
${\footnote Grace Note}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Grace Note\par}
{\f1\fs20 A note which has no time value of its own but takes some of the next notes time.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote HammerOn}
K{\footnote Hammer On}
${\footnote Hammer On}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Hammer On\par}
{\f1\fs20 Technique of sounding a note with left hand fingers.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Harmonic}
K{\footnote Harmonic}
${\footnote Harmonic}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Harmonic\par}
{\f1\fs20 Upper parts of note related to fundamental.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Played on guitar by lightly touching a string at cetain points, especially at 5, 7 and 12th fret.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Harmony}
K{\footnote Harmony}
${\footnote Harmony}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Harmony\par}
{\f1\fs20 Relationship between notes.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Headstock}
K{\footnote Headstock}
${\footnote Headstock}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Headstock\par}
{\f1\fs20 Section where {\b\uldb machine heads}{\v MachineHead} or {\b\uldb friction pegs}{\v FrictionPeg} are mounted.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote HeavyMetal}
K{\footnote Heavy Metal}
${\footnote Heavy Metal}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Heavy Metal\par}
{\f1\fs20 Intense guitar-based {\b\uldb rock}{\v Rock} played at loud volume and speed. Makes heavy use of various effects such as {\b\uldb overdrive}{\v Overdrive}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Heel}
K{\footnote Heel}
${\footnote Heel}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Heel\par}
{\f1\fs20 Wooden section supporting the neck where it joins the body.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Improvisation}
K{\footnote Improvisation}
${\footnote Improvisation}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Improvisation\par}
{\f1\fs20 Composing or soloing music ad lib.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Interval}
K{\footnote Interval}
${\footnote Interval}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Interval\par}
{\f1\fs20 Distance between two notes.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Inversion}
K{\footnote Inversion}
${\footnote Inversion}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Inversion\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b\uldb Chord}{\v Chord} with a bass note other than the root.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Jazz}
K{\footnote Jazz}
${\footnote Jazz}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Jazz\par}
{\f1\fs20 Wide range of styles originating in America, which involves a lot of {\b\uldb improvisation}{\v Improvisation}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Key}
K{\footnote Key}
${\footnote Key}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Key\par}
{\f1\fs20 Reference pitch for a diatonic scale.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Lead}
K{\footnote Lead}
${\footnote Lead}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Lead\par}
{\f1\fs20 Playing indiviual notes and soloing particularly in {\b\uldb rock music}{\v Rock}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote LeadingNote}
K{\footnote Leading Note}
${\footnote Leading Note}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Leading Note\par}
{\f1\fs20 Note on seventh degree of the major scale. {\b VII}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote LedgerLine}
K{\footnote Ledger Line}
${\footnote Ledger Line}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Ledger Line\par}
{\f1\fs20 Small line for notes above or below the normal {\b\uldb staves}{\v Staves}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Legato}
K{\footnote Legato}
${\footnote Legato}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Legato\par}
{\f1\fs20 Smooth transitions between notes.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Ligado}
K{\footnote Ligado}
${\footnote Ligado}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Ligado\par}
{\f1\fs20 Hammering on or pulling off notes.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Line}
K{\footnote Line}
${\footnote Line}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Line\par}
{\f1\fs20 A series of notes.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Luthier}
K{\footnote Luthier}
${\footnote Luthier}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Luthier\par}
{\f1\fs20  Maker of guitars and other stringed instruments.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote MachineHead}
K{\footnote Machine Head}
${\footnote Machine Head}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Machine Head\par}
{\f1\fs20 Device for tuning a string.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Major}
K{\footnote Major}
${\footnote Major}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Major\par}
{\f1\fs20 Chord with a major third and perfect fifth.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Scale with major and perfect intervals.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Mediant}
K{\footnote Mediant}
${\footnote Mediant}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Mediant\par}
{\f1\fs20 Note on third degree of major scale. {\b III}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Melody}
K{\footnote Melody}
${\footnote Melody}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Melody\par}
{\f1\fs20 A series of notes in a recognisable pattern.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Minor}
K{\footnote Minor}
${\footnote Minor}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Minor\par}
{\f1\fs20 Chord with a minor third and perfect fifth.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Scale with minor and perfect intervals.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Mixing}
K{\footnote Mixing}
${\footnote Mixing}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Mixing\par}
{\f1\fs20 Blending sounds together to produce a favourable mix.\par}
{\page}


#{\footnote Modulation}
K{\footnote Modulation}
${\footnote Modulation}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Modulation\par}
{\f1\fs20 Moving from one key to another.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Natural}
K{\footnote Natural}
${\footnote Natural}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Natural\par}
{\f1\fs20 Symbol to cancel out the effect of a sharp or flat.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Nut}
K{\footnote Nut}
${\footnote Nut}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Nut\par}
{\f1\fs20 Supports the strings as they leave the {\b\uldb headstock}{\v Headstock}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Octave}
K{\footnote Octave}
${\footnote Octave}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Octave\par}
{\f1\fs20 Interval of twelve {\b\uldb semitones}{\v Semitone}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Overdrive}
K{\footnote Overdrive}
${\footnote Overdrive}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Overdrive\par}
{\f1\fs20 A form of {\b\uldb distortion}{\v Distortion} created by turning the gain on an {\b\uldb amplifier}{\v Amplifier} high..\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Pentatonic}
K{\footnote Pentatonic}
${\footnote Pentatonic}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Pentatonic\par}
{\f1\fs20 A scale made up of five notes.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Phrase}
K{\footnote Phrase}
${\footnote Phrase}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Phrase\par}
{\f1\fs20 A musical sentence.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Pickgaurd}
K{\footnote Pickgaurd}
${\footnote Pickgaurd}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Pickgaurd\par}
{\f1\fs20 A Plate for protecting the body of a guitar.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Pitch}
K{\footnote Pitch}
${\footnote Pitch}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Pitch\par}
{\f1\fs20 Frequency of a note.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Plantilla}
K{\footnote Plantilla}
${\footnote Plantilla}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Plantilla\par}
{\f1\fs20 Shape of a classical guitar.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Plectrum}
K{\footnote Plectrum}
${\footnote Plectrum}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Plectrum\par}
{\f1\fs20 Piece of plastic or other material used to strike the strings on the guitar with the right hand.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Also called a {/b pick}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Polepiece}
K{\footnote Polepiece}
${\footnote Polepiece}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Polepiece\par}
{\f1\fs20 Metel poles on a pickup under each string.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Preamp}
K{\footnote Preamp}
${\footnote Preamp}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Preamp\par}
{\f1\fs20 Device to boost a signal.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Psychedelia}
K{\footnote Psychedelia}
${\footnote Psychedelia}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Psychedelia\par}
{\f1\fs20 Drug-based pop music using unusual forms and various types sound treatment.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote PullOff}
K{\footnote Pull Off}
${\footnote Pull Off}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Pull Off\par}
{\f1\fs20 Sounding a note by lifting left hand finger off the fretboard.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Purfling}
K{\footnote Purfling}
${\footnote Purfling}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Purfling\par}
{\f1\fs20 Inlays next to the binding.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Rascuedo}
K{\footnote Rascuedo}
${\footnote Rascuedo}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Rascuedo\par}
{\f1\fs20 A method of {\b\uldb strumming}{\v Strum} used by flamenco guitarists.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Rest}
K{\footnote Rest}
${\footnote Rest}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Rest\par}
{\f1\fs20 A period where no note is played.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Rhythm}
K{\footnote Rhythm}
${\footnote Rhythm}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Rhythm\par}
{\f1\fs20 A pattern of {\b\uldb accents}{\v Accent}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Rock}
K{\footnote Rock}
${\footnote Rock}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Rock\par}
{\f1\fs20 A wide range of styles which developed from blues and country in the 1950's.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Root}
K{\footnote Root}
${\footnote Root}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Root\par}
{\f1\fs20 Reference note for a {\b\uldb chord}{\v Chord}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Rosette}
K{\footnote Rosette}
${\footnote Rosette}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Rosette\par}
{\f1\fs20 Circular decoration around the {\b\uldb soundHole}{\v Soundhole}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Saddle}
K{\footnote Saddle}
${\footnote Saddle}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Saddle\par}
{\f1\fs20 Part of bridge holding string.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Scale}
K{\footnote Scale}
${\footnote Scale}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Scale\par}
{\f1\fs20 A group of notes related to each other in some way.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Semitone}
K{\footnote Semitone}
${\footnote Semitone}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Semitone\par}
{\f1\fs20 An interval of a minor second.\par}
{\page}
#{\footnote Sharp}
K{\footnote Sharp}
${\footnote Sharp}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Sharp\par}
{\f1\fs20 Symbol used to raise a note by a {\b\uldb semitone}{\v Semitone}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Slide}
K{\footnote Slide}
${\footnote Slide}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Slide\par}
{\f1\fs20 Sliding a note to another {\b\uldb pitch}{\v Pitch}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Solo}
K{\footnote Solo}
${\footnote Solo}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Solo\par}
{\f1\fs20 Improvised passage usually by one instrument.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote SolidState}
K{\footnote Solid-State}
${\footnote Solid-State}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Solid-State\par}
{\f1\fs20 Use of transistors in {\b\uldb amplifiers}{\v Amplifier}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Soundboard}
K{\footnote Soundboard}
${\footnote Soundboard}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Soundboard\par}
{\f1\fs20 Top of guitar.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Soundhole}
K{\footnote Soundhole}
${\footnote soundhole}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Soundhole\par}
{\f1\fs20 Circular hole cut out of {\b\uldb soundboard}{\v Soundboard} to allow sound to project outwards.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Staccato}
K{\footnote Staccato}
${\footnote Staccato}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Staccato\par}
{\f1\fs20 Playing notes with distict break between notes.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Staves}
K{\footnote Staves}
${\footnote Staves}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Staves\par}
{\f1\fs20 Lines on which musical notes are written.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Strum}
K{\footnote Strum}
${\footnote Strum}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Strum\par}
{\f1\fs20 Method of playing guitar with right hand.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Subdominant}
K{\footnote Subdominant}
${\footnote Subdominant}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Subdominant\par}
{\f1\fs20 Note on the fourth degree of major scale. {\b IV}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Submediant}
K{\footnote Submediant}
${\footnote Submediant}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Submediant\par}
{\f1\fs20 Note on the sixth degree of major scale. {\b VI}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Supertonic}
K{\footnote Supertonic}
${\footnote Supertonic}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Supertonic\par}
{\f1\fs20 Note on second degree of major scale. {\b II}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Syncopation}
K{\footnote Syncopation}
${\footnote Syncopation}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Syncopation\par}
{\f1\fs20 Rhythm emphasizing off-beats.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Tablature}
K{\footnote Tablature}
${\footnote Tablature}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Tablature\par}
{\f1\fs20 Method of writing music by writing {\b\uldb fret}{\v Fret} numbers on lines representing strings.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Tailpiece}
K{\footnote Tailpiece}
${\footnote Tailpiece}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Tailpiece\par}
{\f1\fs20 Metal frame holding strings on the body of guitar.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Tempo}
K{\footnote Tempo}
${\footnote Tempo}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Tempo\par}
{\f1\fs20 Speed of the music. Measured in beats per second.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote TimeSignature}
K{\footnote Time Signature}
${\footnote Time Signature}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Time Signature\par}
{\f1\fs20 System to show number of notes per {\b\uldb bar}{\v Bar} and their time duration.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Tone}
K{\footnote Tone}
${\footnote Tone}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Tone\par}
{\f1\fs20 A major second.\par}
{\f1\fs20 A note.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Colour of a note.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Tonic}
K{\footnote Tonic}
${\footnote Tonic}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Tonic\par}
{\f1\fs20 Note on first degree of major scale. {\b I}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Transposition}
K{\footnote Transposition}
${\footnote Transposition}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Transposition\par}
{\f1\fs20 Moveing a piece of music to a different {\b\uldb key}{\v Key}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Tremelo}
K{\footnote Tremelo}
${\footnote Tremelo}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Tremelo\par}
{\f1\fs20 Fast repetition of a note.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Triad}
K{\footnote Triad}
${\footnote Triad}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Triad\par}
{\f1\fs20 A {\b\uldb Chord}{\v chord} made up of root, third and fifth.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Tritone}
K{\footnote Tritone}
${\footnote Tritone}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Tritone\par}
{\f1\fs20 Interval of three {\b\uldb whole tones}{\v WholeTone}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote TrussRod}
K{\footnote Truss Rod}
${\footnote Truss Rod}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Truss Rod\par}
{\f1\fs20 Rod used to reinforce and adjust the neck.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Valve}
K{\footnote Valve}
${\footnote Valve}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Valve\par}
{\f1\fs20 Glass tube used to amplify sounds.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote Vibrato}
K{\footnote Vibrato}
${\footnote Vibrato}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Vibrato\par}
{\f1\fs20 Minor fluctation in {\b\uldb pitch}{\v Pitch} created by quickly moving finger on {\b\uldb fret}{\v Fret}.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote WholeTone}
K{\footnote Whole Tone}
${\footnote Whole Tone}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Whole Tone\par}
{\f1\fs20 Interval of a major second.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote WolfNote}
K{\footnote Wolf Note}
${\footnote Wolf Note}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Wolf Note\par}
{\f1\fs20 Weak or irregular note due to acoustic resonance.\par}
{\page}
}





