{\rtf0\pc{\fonttbl\f1\froman Times;}

#{\footnote MENUBAR}
{\f1\fs20 Located at top of Window. Allows you to select options and perform actions.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote TBOX}
{\f1\fs20 A textbox is an area on the screen which allows data to be entered into it or displays data.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote LBOX}
{\f1\fs20 A listbox is similar to a textbox, except that it has more than one line.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote DBOX}
{\f1\fs20 A drop-down box is similar to a textbox, except that allows the user to select a value from a list.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote DIABOX}
{\f1\fs20 A dialog box is a new window which pops up, usually to ask the user for information.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote BUTTON}
{\f1\fs20 A button is an area on the screen which performs a specific function when the mouse is clicked on it.\par}
{\page}
#{\footnote TOOLBAR}
{\f1\fs20 A toolbar is an area on the screen which contains various {\ul buttons}{\v BUTTON} whick perform an action.\par}
{\page}



#{\footnote WHATIS}
K{\footnote What is Guitar Master Pro}
${\footnote What is Guitar Master Pro}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn What Is Guitar Master Pro\par}
{\f1\fs20 Guitar Master is a complete reference for playing guitar and bass.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote REGISTER}
K{\footnote Registering Guitar Master Pro}
${\footnote Registering Guitar Master Pro}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Registering Guitar Master Pro\par}
{\f1\fs20 To register Guitar Master Pro, visit Opus Software's website at www.opussoftware.co.za.\par}
{\f1\fs20 The price is R300 (which at the present exchange rate of 7 R/$, is approximately $43).\par} 
{\f1\fs20 If you have already registered a product in the Master Collection, the price is half the normal price.\par}
{\f1\fs20 By registering Guitar Master Pro the program is completely unlocked. All registration notices will disappear,  and the full chord list will be available as well as alternative tunings.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Once you have registered, all future upgrades are free. Simply use the same registration code for future updates.\par}

{\page}

#{\footnote CCHART1}
K{\footnote Chord Chart}
${\footnote Using the Chord Chart}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Using the Chord Chart\par}
{\f1\fs20 The Chord Chart generates all possible chord combinations based on the criteria which you have selected.\par}
{\f1\fs20 \par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b Chord} allows you to select the chord which you want to find using the {\ul drop-down boxes}{\v DBOX}.\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b Tuning} changes the tuning of the fretboard.\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b Start Fret} marks the beginning of the region where you want to find chords.\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b End Fret} marks the end of the region where you want to search for chords.\par}
{\f1\fs20 \par}
{\f1\fs20 Once you have selected your criteria, click on the {\b Find} button. The notes in the chord as well as the formula for the chord are displayed. The first chord fingering found will be displayed on the fretboard.\par}
{\f1\fs20 To navigate through the list of chords found, use the {\b First}, {\b Last}, {\b Prev} and {\b Next} buttons. \par}
{\f1\fs20 To jump to a particular fingering select the required number in the {\ul drop-down box}{\v DBOX} next to the {\b Goto} button and then click on the {\b Goto} button.\par}
{\f1\fs20 To print the chord, click on the {\bPrint} button.\par}
{\f1\fs20 To hear the notes of the chord individually, click on the speaker button next to the note list. To hear the particular fingering of the chord, click on the speaker button below the fretboard.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote CFINDER1}
K{\footnote Chord Finder}
${\footnote Using the Chord Finder}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Using the Chord Finder\par}
{\f1\fs20 Chord Finder will find a chord based on the notes you select. The two methods of finding chords are by using the {\b Fretboard} or the {\b standard} method.\par}
{\f1\fs20 \par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b Fretboard}\par}
{\f1\fs20 Choose the tuning wich you want to use by selecting the tuning from the {\ul drop-down boxes}{\v DBOX}, and then click on the {\b Change} button.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Click on the fretboard at the position where you want the particular note.\par}
{\f1\fs20 The list of chords which are made up of the notes selected on the fretboard is displayed.\par}
{\f1\fs20 You are able to print the list with the fretboard by clicking on the {\b Print} button}
{\f1\fs20 To hear the chord created click on the speaker button.\par}
{\f1\fs20 \par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b Standard}\par}
{\f1\fs20 Select the notes you want in the {\ul drop-down boxes}{\v DBOX}.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Click on the {\b Find} button to find the chord.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Click on the {\b Clear} button to clear the {\ul drop-down boxes}{\v DBOX}\par}
{\f1\fs20 To hear the chord found, click on the speaker button.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote NFINDER1}
K{\footnote Note Finder}
${\footnote Using the Note Finder}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Using the Note Finder\par}
{\f1\fs20 The Note Finder displays all the notes in a particular scale on the fretboard.\par}
{\f1\fs20 \par}
{\f1\fs20 Select the scale to find by using the {\b Scale} {\ul drop-down box}{\v DBOX}.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Select the key using the {\b Key} {\ul drop-down box}{\v DBOX}.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Then click on the {\b Find} button.\par}
{\f1\fs20 The notes will be displayed on the fretboard, and the notes in the scale, as well as the formula for the scale will be displayed.\par}
{\f1\fs20 To print the scale, click on the {\b Print} button.\par}
{\f1\fs20 To change the tuning, select a tuning from the {\b Tuning} \ul drop-down box}{\v DBOX} \par}
{\page}

#{\footnote SFINDER1}
K{\footnote Scale Finder}
${\footnote Using the Scale Finder}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Using the Scale Finder\par}
{\f1\fs20 The Scale Finder finds a scale based on the notes you select.\par}
{\f1\fs20 \par}
{\f1\fs20 Select the notes you want in the {\ul drop-down boxes}{\v DBOX}.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Click on the {\b Find} button to find the scale.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Click on the {\b Clear} button to clear the {\ul drop-down boxes}{\v DBOX}\par}
{\f1\fs20 All scales corresponding to those notes, as well as their modes are displayed.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote TRANSPOSER1}
K{\footnote Transposer}
${\footnote Using the Transposer}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Using the Transposer\par}
{\f1\fs20 The transposer transposes a scale between two different keys.\par}
{\f1\fs20 \par}
{\f1\fs20 Select the scale to find by using the {\b Scale} {\ul drop-down box}{\v DBOX}.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Select the start key using the {\b Transpose From} {\ul drop-down box}{\v DBOX}.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Select the transposed key using the {\b Transpose To} {\ul drop-down box}{\v DBOX}.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Then click on the {\b Transpose} button.\par}
{\f1\fs20 The scale in the two keys will be displayed. The scales can be played by clicking on the speaker buttons next to the scale.\par}
{\f1\fs20 The chords from the scale in the two keys will be displayed if the scale is a 7 note scale. The chords can be played by clicking on the speaker buttons next to the chords.\par}
{\f1\fs20 The scale can be printed by clicking on the {\b Print} button.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote IFINDER1}
K{\footnote Interval Finder}
${\footnote Using the Interval Finder}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Using the Interval Finder\par}
{\f1\fs20 The Interval Finder displays the interval from a particular note to another.\par}
{\f1\fs20 \par}
{\f1\fs20 The interval, based from the root,  is read above the note.\par}
{\f1\fs20 The {\b <<} and {\b >>} buttons change the root note one semitone up or down.\par} 
{\f1\fs20 To print the intervals, click on the {\b Print} button.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote METRONOME1}
K{\footnote Metronome}
${\footnote Using the Metronome}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Using the Metronome\par}
{\f1\fs20 The metronome gives a steady rhtym to keep playing in time.\par}
{\f1\fs20 \par}
{\f1\fs20 To change the time signigure, fill in values in the {\b Time Signature} {\ul textboxes}{\v TBOX} .\par}
{\f1\fs20 To change the tempo fill in a new value in the {\b Tempo}  {\ul textbox}{\v TBOX}.\par}
{\f1\fs20 To start the metronome, click on the {\b Start} button.\par} 
{\f1\fs20 To stop the metronome, click on the {\b Stop} button.\par} 
{\f1\fs20 To change the metronome settings without stopping he metronome, click on the {\b Change} button.\par} 
{\page}

#{\footnote TUNER1}
K{\footnote Tuner}
${\footnote Using the Tuner}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Using the Tuner\par}
{\f1\fs20 The tuner plays a reference note based on the tuning.\par}
{\f1\fs20 \par}
{\f1\fs20 To change the tuning, select a new tuning in the {\b Tuning} {\ul drop-down box}{\v DBOX} and then click on the {\b Change} button.\par}
{\f1\fs20 Click on the fretboard over each string to hear the note.\par} 
{\page}

#{\footnote FFINDER1}
K{\footnote Frequency Finder}
${\footnote Using the Frequency Finder}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Using the Frequency Finder\par}
{\f1\fs20 The Frequency Finder displays a table of frequencies of each note.\par}
{\f1\fs20 If you click on a table entry, the note will sound, and the note information will be displayed in the status bar.\par}
{\page}

#{\footnote OPTIONS1}
K{\footnote Options; MIDI}
${\footnote Setting Program Options}
{\f1\fs30\b\qc\keepn Setting the Program Options\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b General}\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b Fretboard} sets the colour of the fretboard displayed in the program.\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b Finger Stretching} sets the number of frets stretch when calculating chords.\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b Chord Calculation} sets whether or not dead strings are included in calculating chords.\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b Fret Display} sets whether intervals or note names are displayed on notes on fretboard.\par}
{\f1\fs20 \par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b MIDI}\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b MIDI Device} sets the MIDI device the program uses to play notes.\par}
{\f1\fs20 {\b Instrument} sets the instrument to use when playing notes.\par}
{\page}


}





